androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
com/alimoradi/elitefilebrowser/R.java
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$anim
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$animator
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$array
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$attr
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$bool
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$color
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$dimen
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$drawable
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$font
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$id
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$integer
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$interpolator
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$layout
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$menu
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$mipmap
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$raw
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$string
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$style
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$styleable
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.R$xml
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/google/zxing/client/android/R.java
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$attr
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$color
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$id
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$layout
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$raw
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$string
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$style
 com.google.zxing.client.android.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
dagger/hilt/android/R.java
 dagger.hilt.android.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
com/alimoradi/file_api_online_android/R.java
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$anim
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$attr
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$bool
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$color
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$dimen
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$drawable
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$id
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$integer
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$layout
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$string
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$style
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online_android.R$styleable
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$animator
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
 androidx.savedstate.R$id
com/hannesdorfmann/adapterdelegates4/R.java
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R$attr
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R$color
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R$dimen
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R$drawable
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R$id
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R$integer
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R$layout
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R$string
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R$style
 com.hannesdorfmann.adapterdelegates4.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/google/android/gms/oss/licenses/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.oss.licenses.R
 com.google.android.gms.oss.licenses.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.oss.licenses.R$layout
 com.google.android.gms.oss.licenses.R$raw
 com.google.android.gms.oss.licenses.R$string
com/alimoradi/elitefilebrowser/steganography/encode/FileUtils.java
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.steganography.encode.FileUtils
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/alimoradi/elitefilebrowser/BuildConfig.java
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.BuildConfig
com/alimoradi/elitefilebrowser/addAccount/Convertor.java
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.addAccount.Convertor
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.ktx.R
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/sqlite/db/framework/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.framework.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.ktx.R
com/alimoradi/file_api_online/R.java
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$anim
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$attr
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$bool
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$color
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$dimen
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$drawable
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$id
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$integer
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$layout
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$string
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$style
 com.alimoradi.file_api_online.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R$id
org/whispersystems/libsignal/R.java
 org.whispersystems.libsignal.R
com/alimoradi/file_api_android/R.java
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$anim
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$attr
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$bool
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$color
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$dimen
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$drawable
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$id
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$integer
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$layout
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$string
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$style
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$styleable
 com.alimoradi.file_api_android.R$xml
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/extensions/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$anim
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$attr
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$color
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$dimen
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$drawable
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$id
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$integer
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$layout
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$string
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$style
 androidx.lifecycle.extensions.R$styleable
eightbitlab/com/blurview/R.java
 eightbitlab.com.blurview.R
 eightbitlab.com.blurview.R$attr
 eightbitlab.com.blurview.R$styleable
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
org/whispersystems/curve25519/R.java
 org.whispersystems.curve25519.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.ktx.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
androidx/biometric/R.java
 androidx.biometric.R
 androidx.biometric.R$array
 androidx.biometric.R$color
 androidx.biometric.R$dimen
 androidx.biometric.R$drawable
 androidx.biometric.R$id
 androidx.biometric.R$layout
 androidx.biometric.R$string
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
androidx/lifecycle/runtime/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R$id
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$anim
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$bool
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$color
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$dimen
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$drawable
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$integer
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$interpolator
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$layout
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$string
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$style
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/process/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.process.R
androidx/sqlite/db/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.R
androidx/lifecycle/service/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.service.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/alimoradi/elitefilebrowser/addAccount/ExtractKeyWithEncryptedFileModel.java
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.addAccount.ExtractKeyWithEncryptedFileModel
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
androidx/room/R.java
 androidx.room.R
com/alimoradi/elitefilebrowser/addAccount/ObjectOutputStreamHelper.java
 com.alimoradi.elitefilebrowser.addAccount.ObjectOutputStreamHelper
dagger/lint/R.java
 dagger.lint.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
